Grandpa, please hold on.
The doctor will be here soon.
How is this angel?
No, I just smashed my finger.
The angel restored the situation for a moment
But then he fainted again.
It may be that the qi is all over the body
Let's go see
Zihan, how is your grandfather?
No, grandpa has been in a coma and can't wake up
This is oh
He was the first to find out that your grandfather had a problem
He's a doctor
I'm not but I can see your grandpa for you
How is it? It's very bad.
His handsomeness has gathered in Tianlinggai
Who sent this?
Idiot so cruel
This is to set heaven and death
I sent it.
Ah, you said there is something wrong with this finger trigger.
What do you suggest?
Is it just your mouth?
Hey, Zihan just smashed his finger.
Your grandfather did wake up
Uncle Bai, this doesn't mean anything
Maybe it's just a coincidence
Besides, this kid is not a doctor
What does he know?
I have invited Dr. Situ to come over
Don't bother others
You don't believe I can understand
But now the old man is dying
Time is running out
Only I can save him
What are you going to do about the bridge?
Hit him on the head with a hammer
What!